Map origin:
MapReduce derives its ideas and inspiration from concepts in the world of functional programming.
 Map and reduce are commonly used functions in the world of functional programming.
 In functional programming, a map function applies an operation or a function to each element in a list.
 For example, a multiply-by-two function on a list
 [1, 2, 3, 4] would generate another list as follows: [2, 4, 6, 8].
 When such functions are applied, the original list is not altered.
 Functional programming believes in keeping data immutable and avoids sharing data among multiple
processes or threads.
 This means the map function that was just illustrated, trivial as it may be, could be run via 2 or more multiple
threads on the list and these threads would not step on each other, because the list itself is not altered.

Reduce origin:
Like the map function, functional programming has a concept of a reduce function.
 Actually, a reduce function in functional programming is more commonly known as a fold function.
 A reduce or a fold function is also sometimes called an accumulate, compress, or inject function.
 A reduce or fold function applies a function on all elements of a data structure, such as a list, and
produces a single result or output.
 So applying a reduce function-like summation on the list generated out of the map function, that is, [2, 4,
6, 8], would generate an output equal to 20.


Google's BigTable:
 Google’s Bigtable adopts a model where data in stored in a column-oriented way.
 It avoids consuming space when storing nulls by simply not storing a column when a value doesn’t exist
 for that column.
 Each unit of data can be thought of as a set of key/value pairs, where the unit itself is identified with the
 help of a primary identifier, often referred to as the primary key.
 Bigtable and its clones tend to call this primary key the row-key.
 Also, as the title of this subsection suggests, units are stored in an ordered-sorted manner
 Column-families are typically defined at configuration or startup time.
 Column-families are typically defined at configuration or startup time.
 Columns themselves need no a-priori defi nition or declaration.
 Also, columns are capable of storing any data types as far as the data can be persisted to an array of
  bytes.
